# MovieReviewProject
This an app that allows logged in user to review movies and interact with other users

This web app mimics social media improving the user experience. Furthermore, logged in users are able to reply to other reviews, like other reviews and comments, and follow other users improving their interaction with other users. The implementation of this final project includes new forms such as ReplyForm used to validate the replies to review, FavoriteMovieForm used to enter the title of the user’s favorite movie, and SnackForm used to enter the snack to compute the number of calories consumed. We will use the standard BluePrints which are ‘users’ and ‘movies’ with some additional routes such as ‘/toggle_like’ which will implement the logic of either liking or disliking a review. Next, we have ‘/add_comment’, which will implement the logic of adding a reply to a review. This route will have to retrieve all the replies to other reviews and map them accordingly. We also have the routes ‘/follow’ and ‘/unfollow’ which will implement the logic of each user following or unfollowing other users. Finally, we have ‘/snak_info’ which will use the added API to compute the number of calories consumed by the user. Using MongoDB for our database, we will store the User, the Reviews and the Comments which are the replies to the review posts. Logged in users are also able to display their favorite movies in their user_detail profiles. In addition, I used another API, which is CalorieNinjas API, so that users can enter the different snacks that they had when watching the movie to see the overall number of calories consumed.
